hello friends I'm booker nirvana again now with the second part of
information and things about and the software three and now I'm marcus because I want
kick ass if i am your atomic partner jorge
and now I'm lazy because I also want to kick ass, we'll leave this video of
the camila beta does not trejos correct and that kill those damn added
grace roses
nothing to do
the mexico slope
it's more than a game
charo son of pu
now if you decide to contend together
very close to him
A lot of rain
I am the law in the rifle good result
hhh left
now we will talk to you
about what each software edition contains yesterday and starting with the normal one that
brings the game the manual and maybe a code to download something a joke
what a mom told her son
what did he say
jajajajaja xd now if this is the limited edition now the limited
that brings octus award box and would give me service octus replica of the
honors received by adam phoenix father of mark he used for his work in the
hammer of the dawn character downloadable for multiplayer adam phoenix each
octus service medal has a unique code of xbox live for
download the character
it's the only way to get it flag like the colors it once held
the house of sovereign personal effects of poplars and mix
his testament the initial scheme of the hammer of dawn and other memories
relatives
hahaha what a jerk to say that's fine
thanks to me hahaha xd xd xd see now the most prick face version
I say the epic version that is the one that will give me a box in that edition
to teach them what to bring but before a joke that told Valbuena Robin
what did he say
hahaha hahaha xd xd time of my whore grace
you do not tell me again jokes imbecile hahaha now yes this contains
this is what contains limited edition statue of marcus phoenix designed by
cris perna director of art of epix them that is fine chingona book of
art of great saín everywhere softwares by tom hays the one that brings 96 pages with
Interviews photos art among others weapons package infected oumente skins
customized for certain weapons like
er retro lancer
sawed-off shotgun in naseiro according to and all the content of the edition
limited aa has a shitload of things since I want my epic edition
fucking mother ada hahaha xd but there are already several promotions that should
seize you also atomic jorge
If I do that, hahaha
although I wanted to buy the new barbis that came out haha ​​xd but these
are the promotions now take your lancer with that promotion here I continue
apart you take these lithographs of collection now the idea to separate it
right now xdd xd good culeros that was all for now see you in the next
I tell it
with me and maybe with the imbecile of jorge haha ​​haha ​​xd xd is not true jorge
but maybe he'll keep me company the next time we see each other son of a bitch hahahaha
'see you later' little friends and friends go to see barni hahaha is not true
see you later and visit my channel that will be in the description and in the
small box
but one last joke
a friend tells another I invite you to a party of 15 years the friend will
answer back
but I return tomorrow hahaha hahaha xd de xdd no puta thanks again now
if I retire to god marica